{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Originally, we had the mirrors moving, but we found issues with this (especially when going to 5x5), it is hard to focus each mirror individually, and there is not much adjustment range. So we took best parts from the 5 x 5 design, and switched to a new design idea. Basically we create a large stationary mirror array on a platform (or could use a reflective fresnel lens or parabolic reflector from Greenpowerscience). Then we focus the entire array of mirrors (by moving the entire platform, not the mirrors individually). We have ideas of ways to do this. They could move in a circle around the reactor and also change angle, they could be attached to a rotating circle at an angle (some telescopes work like this)*, or we coulda just the angles of all 4 corners of the platform by using lead screws or something similar.\
\
Currenlty, the 10x10 stationary array gets to only a 9\'94 focal point, but the array of mirrors as well as its positioning/focus can be adjusted down to achieve the 900C at 3\'94 focal point (currently only achieving 150C at 9\'94 focal point). We created the array of mirrors using a code to calculation the angles and corner heights, and another code to automatically modify the fusion 360 design parameters and export the 100 3D printed mounting blocks based on parameters exported to a CSV. Mirrors are laser cut.\
\
Cool idea to concentrate the light even further: use a magnifying glass or fresnel lens in the spot to concentrate even further!! Could potentially mount a fresnel lens in front of the reaction chamber window to get the light to any size we want!!\
\
*\'94
\f1\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I wonder if it is not better to rotate the dish 90 degrees, such that the daily solar path bisects the symmetry plane of the dish.\'a0 This way tracking is certainly be doable with 1 single axial rotation axis, provided that the polar angle is aligned in the morning.\'a0 I think this is possible via a rotatable, tiltable ring clamped around the chimney body.\'a0 I am think gyroscope gimbals.\'a0 Specifically, the solar path would be in the same plane as the gimbal, which also contains the dish symmetry axis.\'94\
https://waterbird.at/}